[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: The task at hand
if you go to step five, again,
you notice there's a shared folder.
There's some files in here.
If you go and read them,
you can see what's going on.
I just have like URL.
I'll tell you what this
is doing in a minute.
Everyone make sure they do NPM install,
there's definitely some
new stuff in there.
>> Scott Moss: Actually, I forgot.
There's something you
have to install globally,
cuz I couldn't put it in the package.json,
cuz it's a global thing.
So, if everyone watching can run
this command in their terminal,
actually it's going to terminal and do it.
Do npm, I make it bigger.
Install and do i for short.
You can just type i instead of install and
-g for global.
If you have to pseudo, make sure you put
pseudo in front of this and then Json.
json-server and install that globally.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so if you go and
look in the files and share,
you see API.JS is the URL to the server
that you're gonna be running.
I will show you the minute
how to run that server.
Posts JS, this is where you're gonna
be doing to most of your work.
There's some comments in here.
I literally left as little hints and
stuff as
I possibly could to see what you would
figure out, but you kinda get the idea.
There's a few things you gotta do in
here and there's a one gotcha that
is very simple but
I think a lot of people are gonna miss it.
And then share at JS.
This is the part where we're
just registering some stuff.
So I registered this constant that I made,
an API.js so it's an object.
It's an object whose name is API and
I told angular about it
by making it constant.
So, when you make your post.j,
remember, we wanna register this with
angular too and share JS might be
the place in fact it shows up here.
So remember that.
So once you have that,
let's see on its blog, blog.controllers.
So you are now and
then once you have all that, good to go.
If you gonna blog.controller,
you wanna get rid of the static data that
we have and we want to inject our
posts service and start using that.
So I left no, no to here on how to do that
either, but I did tell you yesterday how
to inject stuff inside of a controller,
inside of a class.
So try to do that and
replace the static data with the data
you will get back from the server.
So, speaking of the server,
if you go into another terminal window,
>> Scott Moss: And if you type in json
server and then type in db.json.
So db.json is a file in the root of
your application that was added.
If you go look you'll see it's just
got like some mock json data in it.
It's nothing but json data, so on another
terminal if you do json server db.json and
hit Enter, it's gonna create a restful
server for you based off that data.
And it's purely restful.
You can do crud on it.
You can post to it, delete,
get purely restful with like query params.
It's ridiculous how easy it is, like.
So, if you grab this URL,
which is localhost 3000,
when you look at it,
you'll see what I'm talking about.
>> Speaker 2: What is the command again?
>> Scott Moss: The command
is json server db.json.
>> Scott Moss: So if you were gonna
look at the server in Explorer,
you'll see you get this nice little page
and it's like, yeah, we found a resource
that you had in here called posts and
if you click on it, there's all our data.
It's there.
It's pretty crazy.
It's the easiest server you've never made.
>> Speaker 3: So
what are the query parameters that you're
talking about besides the crud command?
>> Scott Moss: So
how familiar are you with [INAUDIBLE].
>> Speaker 3: Vaguely.
>> Scott Moss: It's [INAUDIBLE].
So like, let's go look at a post.
So if you wanted to find by ID,
you can pass an ID through this right?
>> Speaker 3: Totally get that but it's
always just for prototyping like is it for
just keeps spinning up on API files
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
it's just for prototyping.
It's just like here's a mac data.
Like API hit like you would
not put this on production.
No way.
Yeah.
All it does it takes a JSON file if
you go look at the JSON file, db.JSON.
It just takes this JSON file and
every single property that's on a route.
It creates a resource for it and
it looks at all the properties and
that's how it knows what
cruise to be able to take.
So yeah that's what it does, but
when you post to this server,
it will write to the file, right.
So, then if you delete,
it'll delete from the file, so it's
literally treating this file as database.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so again,
the task is in shared/post.js
you need to fill this stuff out.
We need to do some crud methods.
At very minimum,
we need to be able to get all the posts.
At the very minimum.
That's what we need to do.
If that's all you do, then you win.
That's it.
So, find some way to be
able to get all the posts.
We have the API here.
And once you get that, be sure to register
it somewhere in here, remember that?
And then go to blog.control.js and
remove the static data and replace it with
the data we got back from the server.
So everything should look
the same on the page.
So, how you know you're done?
If we, well I mean, you'll know.
[LAUGH] It will throw some errors.
But if you check out just to see because
I think I changed like the colors and
all types of stuff.
Step-5-fix and we do npm start.
Oops.
>> Scott Moss: Let that thing run.
>> Speaker 4: I don't know if it'd be,
helpful, Scott, but
I learned very recently with NVM
that you can alias default, and
it will automatically inject that as a
node into whatever terminals you start up.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
so that totally works.
I used to have that setup,
and I stopped using NVM, and
I just downloaded NVM before this works
out use it a gas so, thank you for that.
>> Speaker 4: Well it didn't seem very
well documented, so I didn't know for the
longest time and I was doing this like-
>> Scott Moss: I used
to be like in the in the show right here.
I used to come in here.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah,
like run this first [LAUGH].
>> Scott Moss: Run this command first but
then,
I would type before that command would
run and it will break every day.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah yeah.
>> Scott Moss: So yeah thanks for that.
So how do you know you're done?
If you go back and
we go to the localhost4500,
you should still see the data, right.
Nothing should change.
Yeah you get some nice
animations like that.
I forgot to added that.
Yeah and
now there's a search bar here now.
So you got a search bar
that like does search.
Search it, Yeah.